I see the sun arising upon Africa today.
I see the fire and the glory.
I see the rays of the sun shining upon the people.
I see the African people with their faces looking toward the sun.
In this vision, I see it is olive oil—the Holy Ghost oil running down their faces.
They are dressed in African garb with tribal beads.
There is red on these outfits and they have headdresses on.
As they are looking toward the sun, I see a new oil running down their faces, and there is a glory on them.
There is nothing around but dirt and these heights, but as this glory is falling, oil is saturating them.
It is like whenever you dump oil, it spreads, and the glory of the Lord is coming upon the African people.
I see them jumping and putting their chests out, making a noise and popping their chests back.
They have beads and paint on them, but there is olive oil coming down on them.
He has not forgotten you today.
Many think, 'Where is the revival for Africa?
Where is the coming of the King?
Where is the Lord?
There has been so much drought here.
' I see the drought, but I hear the sound of an abundance of rain, even down to the Congo.
That is what He just said.
Amidst great persecution, you are going to see creative miracles.
This is going to be a wave.
A wave will come and pull, and another wave will come right on the heels of the creative miracles.
You are about to see a wave of the glory upon this world.
It will come in waves; it will look like one is receding, but another wave will come.
In the wave of this glory, I see body parts.
The wave comes in and it recedes back, but before it even has time to recede back, another glory wave comes in.
In this wave are eyes, ears, hands, and feet; body parts from My reserves are coming unto thee.
There will be creative miracles flowing in Africa and America as you yield to it.
I see a Holy Ghost wave of glory flowing in South America and hitting all out in the bush.
You will see the glory of the Lord, and I will wash it over the people.
It will look like a washing and a flow.
It will flow unlike anything you have ever seen before.
I hear the Lord say, 'It will be a flow.
' I see the eyes, ears, toes, and what you have been believing for from these great silos, for I am emptying them out.
I hear Him say, 'What new do you need to hear?
I have reserved it for today, for a great move of My presence will be upon My people.
I will empty the reserves, for there is no need for it here; this is what I call, and it will draw you near.
For it is My goodness that will bring them to repentance.
My goodness will pass through.
It will be My goodness and My mercy that you will see—something you did not earn and did not deserve.
' I hear the sound of an abundance of rain, for it will be the glory.
Unto Him be all the glory.
I am emptying My silos; they are dumping them out.
It will come in on the waves—a wave of glory.
I see black arms, white arms, brown arms, and yellow arms.
Creative miracles: blue eyes, black eyes, brown eyes, and green eyes.
As you walk in My authority, there will be healings of hearts, livers, and intestines.
I see brand new colons.
You might have a colostomy bag, but He is going to restore back what the cankerworm ate.
He said, 'There will be no sick among you.
' Just like the children of Israel, they left with no sickness or disease.
You will walk in the same; it will be a type and shadow.
This is an outpouring over Africa, South America, and America.
He says, 'America, get out of the thinking of the natural.
' If you resist this—I see America and Africa—it is happening like ripe cherries off a tree for the people who would just believe.
He says, 'But you come up to how you think it should be.
' America tries to block it like with a dam because of the traditions of man.
Get out of the natural thinking; come up higher with Me.
Do not be a dam; be a river.
Let the Holy Ghost flow like He can in Africa.
Let Him flow through America.
I see the waves of glory.
Before a wave is able to come back, another wave will come on top of it, for I am emptying My silos.
This is the great finale He has for us—the greatest finale of all.
His goodness will be displayed upon everyone.
His goodness and mercy will follow all over you.
I have the greatest treasures for you.
Do not become accustomed to what He is about to do, taking it for granted when you hear about someone else getting a blessing.
Everything is precious that you will see.
This is what Kathryn Kuhlman desired to see.
I heard Him just say this is what Kathryn Kuhlman desired to see, and she did not see the full manifestation of it.
She is standing in the great cloud of witnesses.
She is watching, wearing the same outfit she had on earth with the bell sleeves.
She is looking out, anticipating what she is about to see.
Isn't it amazing the Lord allows me to see the ones who have gone before us?
They are anticipating this glorious outpouring.
Kim Clement was there, and now I see Kathryn Kuhlman looking over a portal.
There is an edge with grass and Kathryn Kuhlman is sitting right there.
There is a wall that looks like a well, or like a TV screen, but it is not.
It is a well of water.
I can see a well of water, and they come up and they can see over into it.
It's a round hole, a portal, showing glimpses of what's happening in certain parts of the earth, and they're able to see into it.
It actually has bricks that are built up around it; it looks like a cobblestone well.
Catherine is looking over this.
There's green grass on this side, and she's looking over into it.
It's like a picture show, but if you touched it, you could interrupt the water.
You know how when you see your reflection in the water and if you touch it, it goes away until the water's calm again?
It's like that.
It's a well, and you can see into it.
I can see her face looking into this.
She's looking over and watching, anticipating the greatest move of the Spirit of God that we've ever seen.
They're all anticipating.
The silos are being emptied.
The angelic host are emptying the silos right now.
The Lord said, 'Why do I have need of them here?
I've saved them for today.
' It's now.
He saved them for this last show.
This is the grand finale.
When you get up here, they'll be empty.
You'll see.
Reach out by faith and receive.
That's what I just heard him say.
Reach out with simple faith as a child and receive.
Don't think like an adult; think like a child.
He said, 'Come to me as a child.
Reach out by faith and receive just like a child would receive.
' That's what I heard the Lord say.
And I see these children; they're so easily able to receive it.
They don't have any doubt.
Doubt is taught because of life circumstances, but a child believes without doubt.
They just believe.
'We're going to get that for you.
' 'Okay, Dad.
' They just trust.
He said, 'Come to me as the children would come to you.
' Like trust.
Disappointment comes in because you let them down, but I'm telling you, come to God like this child.
I see the wave.
I hear the wave.
And it will come on the hill with the greatest outpouring.
This greatest well—I see people coming to Jesus.
Remember even with Jesus, he didn't heal the saved; he healed the sinner.
It's the goodness of God that brings men to repentance, and his goodness and mercy will flow over me.
I see gold coins raining down.
This represents finances—a supernatural outpouring of finances.
My cup runneth over.
I see plants and seeds you've sowed.
The seeds you sowed will come to pass at last.
The harvest is plentiful.
The sacrificial seed you sowed will come to pass at last.
Now I'm seeing Asia today.
I'm over Asia.
I just got taken from Africa.
I'm in Asia and I see South Korea, the edge, Taiwan, and the edge of China.
I see a glory wave just like I'm talking about over Africa and over Asia today.
I see the waves of healings and manifestations over Asia, for I have not forgotten my Asians.
A great move of my presence and the Spirit over Asia, South America, and these areas.
You'll see it over South Korea.
South Korea will be a hub.
A major pillar of revival will spring forth from South Korea and it will spread throughout China, Vietnam, and all of Asia.
A major move of God will spring forth from South Korea, for the Korean people are interceding and praying.
This great revival will be birthed out of prayer.
I see a major rock.
When you toss a rock into the water, it causes a wave.
This is what's coming forth out of South Korea: a Holy Ghost rock.
'Upon this rock, I will build my church, and the gates of hell will not prevail against it.
' That's what he just said.
It's over South Korea.
As this goes, a wave of the glory through prayer.
It's going to Japan, North Korea, Taiwan—it's going all over.
A wave goes all around in all directions.
That's what's about to happen.
It's here now; you just believe it.
As this happens in South Korea, it even has an effect on Alaska and Hawaii—a tsunami wave of the glory.
It's a hot spot.
It will trickle even over into Russia, Eastern Russia.
It affects China, Russia, and North Korea.
This is the glory, birthed and fueled by prayer, fired by the Spirit, ignited with his glory.
It will flow, the wave of the presence of the Lord.
It shows the influence; it's so thick.
I see fire, I see South Korea.
The glory of the Lord is so thick it looks like walls.
It's a saturating and soaking glory all throughout Asia.
You can walk inside of the glory of the Lord.
When you walk into this glory, it's thick and you can remain in it.
It's like pouring over that oil again.
I see people laying prostrate all over the ground.
Some have been laid out in the glory for days.
The glory of the Lord is so heavy they'll be slain for a day or two.
You're caught up in the presence.
You don't need to eat or drink; you're in the glory.
We've not experienced what we're about to experience with the goodness of God that brings man to repentance.
It's going to change you from the inside out.
A glory explosion with Shekinah glory—the weightiness of God.
The Lord said it will go back to Brownsville.
For those of you that got to experience Brownsville, he said it was a weightiness.
But he said, 'Magnify it by ten.
' Take what happened at Brownsville and magnify it by ten.
We've never experienced what's about to happen.
People will crawl out of bars, and it will radiate from these glory spots.
One will be in Tennessee.
I see Perry in Cleveland.
It's right on the border.
There's going to be a glory spot right where Harvest Church is, where Billy goes.
There's a glory spot there, and there will be one down at the Church of His Presence with Pastor John Kilpatrick.
They are glory spots again.
He says, 'I'm going to do a great thing in them.
' I see John Kilpatrick and I see Perry.
I see John Kilpatrick.
I see the glory on John Kilpatrick.
Again, there are things that He is working out in him.
He's stirring up revival back in him.
I see a cultivation happening in John.
Pastor John, I see—like whenever you take and whip whipping cream—there's a whipping inside of him.
He's stirring up inside of him again.
And it's a cultivation inside of Pastor John Kilpatrick, like a stirring, a whipping like whipping cream.
Like when you have a big bowl, but it's inside of him; He said He's cranking it.
You know when you see those old Model T Fords and you have to crank them?
The old Model T Ford you have to crank to start it again.
And there's a starting up inside of him again of fanning the flame.
His youth is renewed like the eagles, and I'm going to give him a fountain of youth to finish the race.
That's what the Holy Ghost said: 'I'm going to finish what I started in him.
And I'm going to stir a new revival in John Kilpatrick again.
I'm going to stir in him again.
' It's going to be a whipping, a stir.
I'm going to give him a fresh anointing again.
I can see Pastor John Kilpatrick and He's going to give him a fresh fire.
He's dealing with his weight and his heart, cleansing his arteries, and you're going to see the glory clean.
He's going to have more energy than he's ever had before.
The Lord says, 'I'm going to give him a fountain of youth inside of his blood.
And I'm going to cleanse his arteries.
' There's a cleansing of plaque in his arteries.
Because of this new blood flow, he's going to have a brand new start.
He's going to feel more youth than he's ever had, for he's been tired.
And He's going to give him a fresh new Holy Ghost fire on his blood.
It's happening right now as we speak.
A fresh new fire on John Kilpatrick's blood over his arteries, his neck, and the flow.
He'll have more energy than he's ever had, and he'll live long and finish strong.
He'll see the coming of the Lord.
I hear the Lord say he's not going home; he's going to live long and finish strong into his older age.
He's going to do this with these older generals.
I see it so clear.
There's glory going through his veins right now: his heart, his arteries, and his legs.
He needs strength in his legs and his knees.
I see strength in his calves and his thighs so he can stand up and preach longer, for these services will last longer.
He's renewing everything—a Holy Ghost fire going through his body.
And this will go through his wife, too.
They'll be acting like their youth, chasing each other around the house like new kids.
'Hey, I feel good today!
' and a youth.
But He said, 'The glory sustained Moses, and the glory will sustain my elders today.
' The glory will sustain the elders like I sustained Moses.
His body didn't grow old; his eyes didn't fade because the glory was on Moses.
I'm going to do that with my elders; I need them as pioneers of faith.
Now, some of them don't want to yield to it and they're going to go home.
But there are certain ones I need as key figures for what's about to come.
They've lived it once, and they'll know what to do with it again.
I'm going to give them a new mindset concerning this.
Things they messed up with in the past, they won't repeat.
They'll come with a fresh vision and fresh outlook on what I'm about to do.
And he's going to visit the islands throughout Hawaii.
All the islands are glowing with the glory.
There's a key church in Honolulu—there's a key church in Honolulu.
The Lord said, 'I'm about to visit you.
' There'll be new faces rising up in Australia—young ones, 25 or 30 years old—who will have a fire like David, and they'll spread throughout Australia.
They'll have a mega church that grows fast with all these people coming with revival.
I would even say they're going to use Hillsong's building.
There'll be fresh worship, fresh presence, and a fresh fragrance out of Australia.
New songs will come up.
It looks like a flower spreading up—a lily with pistils, and the sound is coming up out of this lily.
The lily has deep colors of beautiful purples and pinks, with orange on the tops of the stems.
I see music notes coming up out of this flower.
It's been dry down there for so long, but the Lord said a great revival's coming to Australia.
A fragrance of worship will come up out of Australia—a sweet smell before Me.
I see a blonde girl, probably 15 to 19 years old.
She's going to come with a really big song.
She's a sandy blonde girl.
There's something major about this girl.
She's going to write a song—heavenly music coming from Australia.
Watch for this young girl.
She's going to have a new song that will hit the charts.
The Lord says a new upload will come to this girl, and she'll bring heavenly worship as a fragrance unto Me.
I can see where she lives in Australia.
He has an arrow down on the map and he says she lives right here.
Pray for this area.
You pray for her.
I see it; there's a glory on this young girl, for a great revival will come.
That's what he just said.
He said a great revival will come and the coming of my son.
Now he's highlighted Canada and creative ideas will come.
I see creative ideas coming to people in Canada where it seems like the finances are drying up.
You will be a distribution center for creative ideas, and I see a well of revival money flow.
You'll help support the money flow, for there's financial trouble on the horizon for Canada.
A major shaking of your finances is coming, but God will sustain.
Creative ideas like Joseph's are coming, and it's with tech.
I heard the Lord say it's with tech; it's with a new form of tech.
Remember what I said concerning Donald, Don Jr.
, and Eric?
A doubling, a tripling of the wealth of the Trumps.
I see the American Indians.
I see a great revival coming in Arizona over the American Indians there.
It's like tribal land.
I could see it's over Mexico, New Mexico, and Arizona—a major move with American Indians.
It even leaks over into Colorado.
I see it like it's all in the corner.
I hear him say to you, 'And the glory of the Lord.
' The glory of the Lord over the American Indians, and it will spread into Oklahoma.
A great revival will come over the American Indians.
Oh, for sure there is a glory on them: the Cherokee, the Choctaw.
Glory to God, y'all.
This is wonderful tonight.
This is wonderful what Jesus is doing.
Thank you, Lord.
And this will go all throughout England.
I see England.
He said, 'I've not forgotten England.
' There will be a great revival even in England.
You said, 'Well, that's everywhere.
' Yes, that's precisely the point.
It's everywhere.
All throughout the Middle East, I'm telling you, there will even be a shaking.
I see it again—all those temples with the monkeys on them.
They're going to be shaking.
There's a major earthquake coming and the temples in India.
A sign!
The Lord said a sign will come and the temples will be shaken with false gods and false idols.
And there will be a shaking as a sign that a major move of my presence is coming to this area.
A shaking will come and these false temples and false gods will be like dust.
They're going to come down; the epicenters are over these areas.
Glory to God.
I'm telling you, false gods and false idols are coming down.
It will be a sign.
Look for it.
The Lord says, 'For I'm bringing false gods and false idols down.
' He said, 'Brandon, now they can't say you always give negative words, son.
' He's so funny.
I love you; you're so funny, Lord.
He said, 'Now they can't always say that you give negative words, son.
' That's what he just said to me.
It doesn't matter if they did, Lord.
I love the way he said it, too.
His voice tone was nice.
I sure love you.
You're such a friend to me.
I'm so excited we were born for such a time as this.
I'm excited for John Kilpatrick.
That was cool; that's really neat that he's going to do that for him.
I wonder what he feels right now.
If he's at his house right now sleeping, he feels the glory because I saw it happening right now.
It's a renewing as his youth.
He'll be like a brand new man on Sunday.
You'll have a brand new pastor.
He'll be running around that church.
I'm telling you, the glory of the Lord is restoring him.
And the same with Perry.
There'll be things he's dealing with these men, but it will spread.
I see Perry will become like this and there's another person rising up beside him who is a lot younger, because it's going to happen so much with 24-hour-a-day, seven-day-a-week services.
It won't just be one person.
There's going to be another one.
But the Lord is going to—for whatever reason, down here in Daphne—use him primarily all the time.
John will be there all the time.
Sometimes he'll be sitting on the platform and he'll just sit back and the glory will be in the service.
I see him just sitting there in this vision right now.
He's just sitting on the platform and the glory of the Lord is in there and the weight of the presence.
There's some laughing, some crying, some weeping before the Lord.
But there's a glorious presence.
And there's nobody moving in this place; he's just sitting there.
He doesn't have to say anything.
The glory is just there.
That's amazing.
I just saw it again for this pastor.
And he'll show up in California and there will be a great red wave, a great move of my presence in California.
He's not forgotten California, all on the coast.
And I'm telling you, a move of God is going to shake Hollywood.
It's going to shake all the way up to Portland, Oregon.
There's going to be a major move of God once again.
For I did it with John G.
Lake and there's a new one coming.
I see a new one coming.
It's like a breathing on the old for what's about to happen with the new concerning a John G.
Lake era in Portland, Oregon and all this area—a great move.
And the liberals are going to squawk—the evil, they will squawk—but they can't hold back what God is about to do.
And there will be no lack of my glory upon you.
Glory to God.
Lord, is there anything more?
He said, 'I've saved the best for last, and I have great things in store.
' That's what he just asked.
'Is there any more?
' He said, 'I have great things in store, Braden.
I have great things in store for the church.
They're coming in hot.
Be patient.
Be patient with the babies.
They're coming in.
Be patient with my babies, for I was patient with you.
It's the goodness of God that will bring them in repentance.
You're going to see it.
For this will be the greatest move of my presence.
Once again, he's emptying the silos.